Update FAQ to clarify use of GPL compatible license (#2525)
slint-ui/slint: FAQ.md

  - [Why are you creating a new markup language?](#why-are-you-creating-a-new-markup-language)
  - [Will there be API bindings to integrate with my favorite programming language?](#will-there-be-api-bindings-to-integrate-with-my-favorite-programming-language)
- [Licensing](#licensing)

>   - [If I link my program with Slint GPLv3, does it mean that I have to GPL my program too?](#if-i-link-my-program-with-slint-gplv3-does-it-mean-that-i-have-to-gpl-my-program-too)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [If I link my program with Slint GPLv3, does it mean that I have to license my program under the GPLv3, too?](#if-i-link-my-program-with-slint-gplv3-does-it-mean-that-i-have-to-gpl-my-program-too)
```

Slint is available under either a [proprietary license](LICENSES/LicenseRef-Slint-commercial.md)
or [GNU GPLv3](LICENSES/GPL-3.0-only.txt)

### If I link my program with Slint GPLv3, does it mean that I have to GPL my program too?

No. You can license your program under any license compatible with the GPLv3 such
as [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.en.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.en.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses).
Refer to GPL FAQ [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#LinkingWithGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#LinkingWithGPL).

### My MIT-licensed program links to Slint GPLv3. Can someone fork my program to build and distribute a proprietary program?

> Yes, provided the person distributing the proprietary program either links to 
> Slint proprietary license instead of Slint GPLv3 or removes the dependency to Slint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, provided the person distributing the proprietary program acquired a 
Slint proprietary license instead of using Slint under GPLv3, or removes the dependency to Slint altogether.
```
